#### Q1. You are creating a Cloud Pak for Security (CP4S) proposal for a client who is interested in unlimited usage pricing with no data ingestion charges. Which CP4S packaging options should you choose?

- [X] Enterprise 
- [ ] Usage
- [ ] Event
- [ ] Volume

#### Q2. You have been asked to speak at a regional user group about security practices. As you write the various descriptions on a whiteboard, what label do you put over the quadrant where you wrote "Protects digital information from unauthorized access, corruption, or theft throughout its entire lifecycle?"

- [ ] Open Security Ecosystem `X`
- [ ] Threat Management `X`
- [ ] Identity and Access Management `X`
- [X] Data Security

#### Q3. Cloud Pak for Security Data Explorer runs queries against multiple data sources simultaneously while keeping the data at rest, in its original system of record. This is a best practice analytics scaling mechanism because it means data doesn't need to move around the organization to derive insights from it; instead, analytic processing is pushed to the data. What is the name of the search technology that makes this possible?

- [X] Federated
- [ ] Manual `X`
- [ ] Distributed `X`
- [ ] Hierarchical `X`

#### Q4. According to the latest Forrester Wave for Security Analytics Platforms report, which of these vendors has the strongest strategy as of Q4 2020?

- [ ] IBM Security `X`
- [ ] Splunk `X`
- [ ] Exabeam
- [X] Microsoft

#### Q5. What Cloud Pak for Security technology allows clients to collect security data such as cases generated by security monitoring and analytics platforms, streamlining processes, reducing mean-time-to-repair, and helping meet compliance regulations?

- [X] Security Orchestration, Automation and Response
- [ ] Zero trust `X`
- [ ] Security Information and Event Management
- [ ] Federated search

#### Q6. What are the primary Cloud Pak for Security competitors as of the third quarter of 2021?

- [ ] Microsoft and Google `X`
- [ ] Palo Alto and Google
- [X] Microsoft and Palo Alto
- [ ] Google and Splunk `X`

#### Q7. You are working with the procurement team at a client who has selected Cloud Pak for Security and now they need to finalize licensing to approve the bid. They ask you what the primary Cloud Pak for Security metric is, and you say:

- [ ] Managed Virtual Server (MVS) `X`
- [ ] Authorized User (AU) `X`
- [ ] Events Per Second (EPS) `X`
- [X] Resource Unit (RU)

#### Q8. The global cloud security market is growing rapidly due to technological developments and the rising adoption of cloud computing services, coupled with an increasing quantity of cyberattacks and expanding compliance requirements. What is the projected cloud security market (in US dollars) in 2025?

- [X] $68 billion
- [ ] $39 billion
- [ ] $72 billion
- [ ] $44 billion `X`

#### Q9. Which zero trust approach is designed to provide users with secure access to all applications using software defined policies?

- [X] Secure the remote workforce
- [ ] Preserve customer privacy `X`
- [ ] Protect the hybrid cloud `X`
- [ ] Reduce the risk of insider threat `X`

#### Q10. You are talking to a telco client and using the IBM Security Shield to articulate the four key security outcomes that IBM is focusing on to help clients deliver a security strategy that will speed them up, not slow them down? What are the four key outcomes you describe?

- [ ] Align, Detect, Modernize, and Manage
- [ ] Prioritize, Detect, Modernize, and Manage
- [X] Align, Protect, Modernize, and Manage
- [ ] Prioritize, Protect, Modernize, and Manage `X`

#### Q11. What open-source query language does Data Explorer use to perform federated searches across hundreds of data sources while keeping data at rest?

- [ ] Search Processing Language (SPL) `X`
- [X] Structured Threat Information eXpression (STIX)
- [ ] Structured Query Language (SQL) `X`
- [ ] Ariel Query Language (AQL)

#### Q12. What percentage of companies use more than twenty five (25) unique security products, with 44% of them engaging more than ten (10) vendors?

- [ ] 35%
- [ ] 75%
- [ ] 80%
- [X] 60%

#### Q13. One of your Cloud Pak for Security clients just received an IBM X-Force warning about the latest Microsoft Squatting Campaign. How can they verify that this threat is not threatening the company’s infrastructure?

- [ ] Correlate the threat's Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) against the MITRE ATT&CK framework to validate if any of the company's infrastructure is vulnerable to the attack
- [ ] Verify that Cloud Pak for Security Risk Manager is not reporting any systems vulnerable to this threat
- [ ] Validate the threat using Security Orchestration and Response (SOAR) `X`
- [ ] Run the Threat Intelligence Insights “Am I Affected” report to determine whether this threat is present in the company’s network

#### Q14. What Threat Intelligence Insights (TII) functionality can perform continuous, automated searches across data sources and provides an adaptive, calculated risk score for possibly compromised items?

- [ ] Data Explorer
- [ ] Am I Affected
- [ ] Am I Infected
- [ ] Risk Manager

#### Q15. You are helping a client plan out a set of security approaches to keep their client's confidence in the wake of a number of security incidents in their industry. What security approach provides organizations with adaptive and continuous protection for users, data, and assets, as well as the ability to proactively manage threats?

- [ ] Zero trust
- [ ] Reduce the risk of insider threats
- [ ] Global trust
- [ ] Protect the hybrid cloud

#### Q16. Which Cloud Pak for Security solution enables Security Operations Centers (SOCs) to reduce time to remediate incidents while ensuring consistent responses?

- [ ] Security Orchestration, Automation and Response
- [ ] Data Explorer
- [ ] Threat Investigator
- [ ] Threat Intelligence Insights

#### Q17. What foundational security analytics platform helps clients retrieve, store, correlate, and alert on a variety of security data including logs and events, network flow and packet data, asset information, applications, and servers?

- [ ] Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR)
- [ ] Network Detection and Response (NDR)
- [ ] Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)
- [ ] Security Orchestration, Automation and Response (SOAR)

#### Q18. A prospective client has standardized most of their operations on Microsoft Azure, but they still have a significant on-premises need as well. They need to deploy a security analytics platform that can run on Azure while supporting their on-premises environment, with built-in orchestration and case remediation. Which of the following solution meets the client’s requirements?

- [ ] Cloud Pak for Security
- [ ] Palo Alto Cortex
- [ ] Google Chronicle
- [ ] Microsoft Azure Sentinel

#### Q19. A large Managed Security Services Provider (MSSP) complains that they have to perform searches against multiple tools in multiple customer environments because they cannot extract their customer's data to their Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) solution for analysis. Because of that, investigations take too long and are ineffective. How can you position Cloud Pak for Security to address their challenges?

- [ ] Show how you can place a Cloud Pak for Security instance on each environment to resolve the problem
- [ ] Demonstrate how Cloud Pak for Security can extract data from over 600 out-of-the-box data sources
- [ ] Demonstrate how Federated Searches can search against multiple data sources without having to move the data
- [ ] Demonstrate Risk Manager to show all the vulnerabilities in their systems

#### Q20. Which security discipline makes it possible for the proper entities to use the right resources when they need to, without interference, using the devices they want to use, while maintaining a high level of security and utilizing zero trust principles?
 
- [ ] Data Security
- [ ] Identity and Access Management
- [ ] Threat Management
- [ ] Open Security Ecosystem

#### Q21. One of your prospective clients is reluctant to move to the cloud. Which of these could be a major reason preventing their move?

- [ ] Desire to be locked in with a single vendor
- [ ] No trust in cloud service providers
- [ ] Ease of hiring skilled cyber security workers
- [ ] Decreasing number of remote workers

#### Q22. A security analyst is concerned that their company does not have complete visibility over their data because it is stored in multiple silos, making investigations difficult and time-consuming. Which key Cloud Pak for Security capabilities will help them resolve their concern? 

- [ ] Reduces custom integration costs and effort and reduces compliance risk
- [ ] Integrated dashboards and threat intelligence risk analytics detect incidents faster
- [ ] Reduces staff overload and burnout, turning junior analysts into senior analysts
- [ ] Supports 600+ data sources out-of-the-box and provides federated threat searching

#### Q23. What is a key Cloud Pak for Security benefit that you, as a seller, should present to an Incident Responder?

- [ ] Connects to over 600 data sources
- [ ] Automates repetitive, time-consuming tasks
- [ ] Reduces integration costs and effort
- [ ] Preserves investments by working with current security tools

#### Q24. You are working on a Cloud Pak for Security proposal for a medium-sized client who wants to license QRadar and who additionally wants usage-based pricing. What would the list price be for this client, who wants to license 25,000 Events per Second (EPS) and 350,000 Flows per Minute (FPM)?

- [ ] $1,773,900
- [ ] $323,849
- [ ] $1,209,723
- [ ] $854,000

#### Q25. A client needs help bridging the operational silos between the Security Operations Center (SOC) and compliance teams that have grown over time. They feel an investment in this area of their business would facilitate better compliance. What Cloud Pak for Security use case will help IBM deliver on this client need?

- [ ] Security Orchestration and Response (SOAR)
- [ ] Threat Intelligence Insights (TII)
- [ ] Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)
- [ ] Data Explorer (DE)
